---
layout: post
title: Week 7 Humanitarian and global open source
---

<h2> The bazar and why it is better than the cathedral</h2>
<p>In the cathedral and the bazar the author Eric S Raymond argues that there are two different primary models to follow in free software development. The cathedral model keeps lots of code hidden only releasing code with each major release, while the bazaar model has all the code open to the public all the time. I thought it was interesting to compare these two and after lots of thinking i do agree that the bazaar model is superior to the cathedral model as it allows you to fully take advantage of each of the authors primary lessons as well. I think that a lot of his tips were also just generally applicable to even commercial software (like releasing early and often and having the right attitude) and this is an essential read for basically every software developer. The pros of the bazaar model are overall pretty clear. I will certainly take these lessons with me going forward.</p>

<h2>Open Source and global affairs</h2>

<p> Open Source has to potential to provide lots of potnetial benefits to global issues. An easy example of a coding contribution would be the many open source covid 19 related projects that took place in 2020 as the pandemic set in. More interestingly, I think that Open Souce Intelligence has a lot of potential uses especially when fighting disinformation, but also runs the risk of enabling the very disinformation it can often be so helpful against fighting. The reliability of the information provided can be sometimes suspect depending on who is providing it and what their goals/biases are for releasing this information. That being said, I do think that many users will be able to determine this themselves with some time and experience.  </p> 


<h2>Selecting a project to work on</h2>
 <p>While looking through projects in the list I ffound myself gravitating towards primarily either entertainment(like games/game related tools) or humanitarian oriented projects. I think a project of either type would be pretty interesting to work on and would provide unique challenges. I have more experience in games as I have lots of game development experience but I havent done much development outside of Unity or GML so this would be an opportunity to work on game related software outside of those languages/engines. Humanitarian projects on the other hand would provide me an opportunity to ideally make some sort of positive impact helping othersr which may help me stay motivated for the task! Either way i Think i could satisfy my primary goal of learning new skills while having fun along the way!</p>
