---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

<h2>Weekly Speaker, Getting comfortable with open source</h2>

<p> This week Riju Khatri, a NYU grad student and former blackrock employee, came to talk to us about the role open source has played in her academic and professional career.
  She began by talking about her beginnnigs and open source(where it was mostly self oriented as there was no real open source program in her undergrad)
  and how she gradually did more and more during her days at blackrock. It was impressive to meet someone who has comparatively less experience to many of the developers we have 
  talked to so far that was still able to make contributions to major projects like Fedora while still managing a job at the same time (at a high stress company no less).
  I was pleasantly surpirsed that blackrock didnt give her any issues when she was working on open source projects while she also was at the company. Her 
  feedback on getting comfortable with an open source project (by using it every day for a month and reading documentation while you do so) was also valueable as
  this is something I have struggled with personally</p>
  
  <h2>Project presentations and pull requests</h2>
  <p>On Tuesday I finally sent in a pull request for my 2nd issue. So far I've gotten some feedback on some of my work and some changes were requested pre merge 
so I will have that done shortly. This was just in time for presentation day. So far I have enjoyed listening to the two groups that are presented, especially the california design sytem.
This seems like a project that I would at least be interested in using, and maybe even contributing to long term. I love the way the components look and I appreciate that they seem to have 
accessability in mind! Moving on to my group's presentation, I thought we had a good showing. We were able to cover the points we wanted to and it seemed we had ok audience engagement as well.
Hopefully I can fix up the PR soon to finish the semester strong!</p>
