---
layout: post
title: Week 11 
---

<h2> Inner Source and business, standardization <h2>

<p> This past week we watch a number of videos involving open source business. I think the most interesting idea to come from these videos was the notion that open source could be a vehicle
for standardization in an industry. In "open source in film" this was demonstrated by explaining the impact open source had on workflows in early studios. In early times and many 
film studios the studio would need to write their own proprietary software to do something pigeonholing the studio's workers into having very niche knowledge regarding the completion of a spcial task(as it required that software)
Open Source radically changed this as it allowed for multiple studios to use the same tools. This allowed individuals to have more job mobility (they werent tied to their studio because of their specialty knowledge) and it was significantly easier to collaborate with other teams with the standardized software
I think this has also played out in modern software devleopment with the advent of projects like React, which has become very common in the industry because of its ease of use and has utilized it's open source status to propagate in the industry and stay relevant today.
This is also the case in music(there are open source synthesizers and now some Digital audio workstations). I think this is one of the primary ways open source can be very applicable in a business/profit oriented setting as it simultaneously benefits the individual and the corporation. 
</p>

<h2> Oppia week 3 </h2>

<p> Progress is going well with Oppia as of now despite a few setbacks that ironically occured directly after my confident appriasal last week. Oppia has some severe documentation issues that werent apparant and I have personally spent this week bug triaging and attempting to make their documentation more useful.
This came up when i was trying to work on my typescript issue and there were multiple issues that were either not workable in their current state due to dependencies or they were already completed by another person. It has been difficult to get the oppia team to listen (they would often say that they fixed what i asked but not actually done so, 
but it looks like things are working out. I am currently preparing to reach out and suggest i write a script to automatically check for issue overlap. Ideall this week they will give me the ok to work on that or i will find another issue to work on. 
</p>
