---
layout: post
title: Week 10 
---

<h2>Open Source In business</h2>

<p>Honestly I was extremely surprised by how many different business models there were around open source and the breadth of the open source economy. This would have concerned me but it was nice to see how (at least ostensibly) focused even the largest entities seemed on protecting open source projects from being ruined by corporate interests. I found Mozilla's Business model particularly interesting as its incredible that mozilla can fund itself near entierly from search bar advertising. It would also be interesting to see the real viability of donation/pay what you want type software is in the long term. Winrar still seems to be in business but that also seems to be from selling liscences to large companies: Can smaller donationware software really make any meaningful profit to sustain itself? Or is it just doomed to be a small scale passion project?</p>

<h2>Oppia Working on Contributions</h2>

<p>This week the group worked on some issues that we were picked from oppia. Lev has submitted a PR and both Brad and I are getting close to completing it. I initially had expected type checking to be pretty easy but i was surprised when dependency issues made some files almost impossilbe to implement strict type checking on without fixing 100s of other errors associated with different files. I reported those files to the oppia team(per their directions) and have successfully completed one file's typeChecking(which had almost no errors to correct). I am being assigned one more file to make my commit a bit more substantial and then my PR will be ready to go. Thanks to some hard work and Oppia's good organization and documentation, I feel confident that as a team we will be able to make a subsantial number of commits in the coming weeks! </p>
