---
layout: post
title: Week 2 Codes of Conduct
---



<h2>Anonymization, codes of conduct and open source</h2>

<p>As with any anonymous internet environment, It's very difficult to ensure all users are on the same page. This poses a unique problem for a (hopefully)collaborative ideal like  like Open Source Development. To combat this, organizations/project owners put together a central document so that all users can read it before contributing to a project. There are usually some constants you can find across most Codes of conduct, which in general contain guidelines like: </p>
<ul>
	<li>Be supportive</li>
	<li>Be Respectful</li>
	<li>Avoid Harassment and hate speech</li>
</ul>
<p>Moving on from these general guidelines, there are often sections about protocol that pretains to violations of the rules and how those are dealt with. All of these ideas can be found in <a href="https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct/">the Contributor Covenant</a> which is a very popular Code of Conduct which has been adopted by many projects. There are, however some other popular CoCs(Codes of conduct) that have some key differences. Take, for example, the <a href="https://go.dev/conduct"></a> which has a greater emphasis on developer values (which they have dubbed "gopher values"), trying to emphasize how a developer should act to be a good community member rather than how they shouldnt act (though they do have some space for that as well). The Go COC also chooses to change the contributor covenant'
s enforcement section to a "Conflict Resolution" section in which they ask people to reach out to the support team for help so complaints can be investigated rather than discuss how someone will be punished. These changes seem to be implemented to come across as more welcoming and positive, and focus on fostering a happy, collaborative environment rather than hoping to moderate by threat of punishment. In contrast from Go, <a href="https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php">Eclipse's code of conduct</a> is almost a verbatim adaption of the Contributor Covenant, excluding the lengthy enforcment guidelines section. The differences bewteen eclipse and google likley stem from google's company culture and desire to appear more "friendly", while Eclipse's is strictly utilitarian in nature.</p>

<p>Another notable COC is the <a href="https://wiki.sugarlabs.org/go/Sugar_Labs/Legal/Code_of_Conduct">Sugar labs CoC</a>, whicch is based on the ubuntu code of conduct. Sugar labs has their CoC on a wiki style site and chooses to focus on general values and guidelines of how to participate in the commpunity. This is is similar to the Go code of conduct but with even less focus on conflict enforcment and consequences and more on preventing those conflicts from happening in the first place by attempting to guide the community toward user driven self moderation.</p>

<p><a href="https://github.com/babel/babel/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md"> Babel's code of conduct<a>, like Eclipse's Code of Conduct, is also based on the contributor covenant we mentioned earlier. It is nearly identicial to eclipe's, also opting to drop the long enforcment details section. It is surprising to see how widely adopted the contributor covenant is.</p>
	
<h2>Some thoughts on this week's add on project</h2>
	
<p>This week we also got started on a firefox add on project in which we are supposed to make an add on for firefox's browser. While most work so far has been primarily organizational, I was surpised about how easy it could be to make a simple add on and am looking forward to working on one this week. The idea my group came up with (which is to fix brightspace) seems like somthing that I would actually use, and based on my preliminary looks at brightspace's HTML/CSS, it seems like it shouldnt be too hard to make some improvments to it. This week we'll see if I'm (hopefully not) proven wrong.</p>
