---
layout: post
title: Week 3 Git and Jim Hall
---

<h2>Git</h2>

<p> This week we started working with git, starting with the basics. This was useful to iron out any gaps I had in my understanding with git as well as review some best practices. The activity itself was also useful and served as a reminder for me to set up the SSH key for git access instead of using the plaintext key for HTTPS. I had neglected to do that because I often use Github desktop (which doesnt need the access key). That all being said, personally whenever I am in a multi person repository I usually use a pretty different workflow than what was specified. I usually make a new branch for whatever feature I am working on and when it is finished I issue a pull request whicih someone else will approve before merging it into the master/main branch.</p> 

<h2>Jim Hall</h2>

<p>Jim Hall, who is an open source dev who's largest longest term project is FREE DOS, a free version of the DOS operation system, came and gave a talk this week that was very interesting. During this talk he detailed his journey with open source spanning from the beginning of his software career to what eventually lead him to develop FREE DOS. I think it was very encouraging to hear Jim mention how global Open Source Development has been throughout the years and how much progress it has been making. It's also interesting to hear about how much the scene has really developed over time and how large companies are now investing tons into open source dev for its propensity to foster innovation. I hope that his projects all continue to do well in the future, and I may try downloading FREE DOS in order to play doom when I  have some time.</p>