---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Firefox Addons
---

<h2>Less Ugly Brightspace</h2>

<p>This past week I worked with two team members on a firefox plug in that functioned as a darkmode for Brightspace. It was a fun project to work on and it helped rewview some vanilla javascript stuff as well as refine my technical communication skills. The code for our actual project was pretty simple as it only looped through the dom and changed everything's color. The code was devised collaboratively in our slack channel where we talked through how it would work. I help advise Yu Sung on ways to access all elements in the dom and he tested it on his machine. After this I spent most of my time investigating why certain items in the DOM wouldnt change color even despite our code, which eventually led me to learn a bit more about how brightspace works though it wasnt enough to actually modify those elements. I also worked on writing a few portions of our repository as well as a lot of our organizatio and planning. One interesting thing about our group was that we worked mostly asynchronously without much voice communication. This i think actually worked in our own favor as we could complete stuff on our own time and since we all made ourselves very availible on slack once we really got started, we could talk each other through our thought processes in real time. I do however think, for future projects I want to bring in a dedicated project management software (like JIRA or at least github's issue boards/trello) to keep track of stuff as we could have afforded a better mechanism to keep track of what we were doing/what needed to be done. On the topic of other groups, I particularly liked youtubeEX and thought it was impressive that they managed to manimpulate youtube to such a degree. The Block-off add on also seemed like it would be something i would actually use and leaves a good framework for additions. One other thing I thought was interesting was that there were many color based projects.</p> 
