---
layout: post
title: Week 6 
---

<h2>Christopher Presentation</h2>

<p>This week chirstopher Snider, a team member at Tidepool, made a presentation in class today. He gave us information about how tidepool works and how to get open soruce health software off the ground. He also went into some of the challenges that he's faced working there as well as his own personal story. It was very motivating to hear about how committed everyone at tidepool was to their cause despite the fact that hey are not operating for profit. I think its a clear example of a team that is poised to succeed in the healthcare field in general as they provide a low cost alternative to many proprietary ,more expensive systems.</p>

<h2>Open Source's Social Impact pt 2</h2>

<p> Through this presentation and the videos we watched last week it was abundantly clear how tangible open source software's impact can be on a community. One common thread in open source geared to social good is that they lower the bar for entry for their respective communities to get to a service they need. While they may not entirely bridge the gap(though they strive to do so), they empower communities by giving them vectors to act that preivously would have been outside of financial reach. Open source data plays a similar role by providing smaller scale developers to focus on problems of a much smaller/intimate scale within a community and use that to enable advocacy that otherwise community memebers may not have known to act on in the first place. </p> 
