---
layout: post
title: Week 5 Project Evaluation
---

<h2>Open Source in the wild: musescore</h2>

<p>This week we took a look at some open source projects and tried to evaluate if they would be good to contribute to. I was lucky and got to look at musescore, which was a prjoect I listed in my favorites list from the beginning of the semester. Musescore is an open source music notation/playback software that has been around for quite a long time now  (it's been running for over 10 years at this point). I was really impressed by how organized the whole project was. It has a frankly staggering wiki with tons of details on how to get started and documentation on specific design of the software. It also has quite the active community. Despite this, however, I feel that this may be a somewhat difficult application for many people to contribute to as it is large and complicated. It is also very entrenched in musical terms that may deter someone who does not have much experience with writing music. It also, despite its otherwise rich documentation, lacks a real contributors code of conduct which is bizarre.  I might give this a shot later in the semester but I dont feel particularly hopeful in terms of making a meaninful contribution as of right now. My hope is that i find a project that is slightly less complex to really get invested in contributing to.</p>

<h2>Open Source's Social Impact</h2>

<p>We also watched some videos from Redhat's "Open source stories", which focused on the positive impact Open Source can have on various communities, the most interesting of which for me being about insulin. The short video follows Itdepool as well as a few other labs in their efforts to try and create open source insulin. This was suprising as this extends beyond a piece of software and involves production of a physical product. Im interested in learning more about how this was recieved by the corporate pharma industry and if they have tried to disrupt this project's FDA trials. This raises a lot of questions about what could actually be open source especially in healthcare and if there is any reason to not make such things open source. Wouldnt it be almost always a good thing to make this type of technology as accessible as possible? </p>